fix: Update Meta Tags to properly display links on Twitter (#423)
sidestream-tech/unified-auctions-ui: frontend/README.md

- `STAGING_BANNER_URL`: (optional) When set a banner will be displayed, warning the user that they are using a staging version. The text will use `STAGING_BANNER_URL` as a link to production UI.
- `MAX_PRIORITY_FEE_PER_GAS_WEI`: (optional, default can be found in core/src/gas.ts) – [EIP-1559](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559) `max_priority_fee_per_gas` value
- `HEAPIO_ID`: (optional) [HeapIO analytics](https://heapanalytics.com/) Project's Environment ID. Required for tracking analytics.

> - `FRONTEND_ORIGIN`: (optional) Used to correctly register meta tags for social media sites

Reviewer: You should say not (only) where it's used, but what is it
```suggestion
- `FRONTEND_ORIGIN`: (optional, default empty) – public url of the frontend, eg `https://unified-auctions.makerdao.com`. Used to correctly specify open graph meta tags
```
